Add blog post for CVE-2025-22247 (#850)
AlmaLinux/almalinux.org: content/blog/2025-06-17-test-patches-for-CVE-2025-22247.md

    image: /blog-images/2025/2025-06-17-open-vm-tools-cve.png
---

About a month ago Broadcom (VMWare) released a [security advisory](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/cve-2025-22247) for CVE-2025-22247 impacting the `open-vm-tools` package commonly installed inside of virtual machines on VMWare hypervisors.

> VMware Tools contains an insecure file handling vulnerability. VMware has evaluated the severity of this issue to be in the Moderate severity range with a maximum CVSSv3 base score of 6.1.

AlmaLinux 8, 9, 10, and Kitten 10 are all impacted by CVE-2025-22247.  While it is only a moderate severity, [ALESCo](https://almalinux.org/alesco/) has approved updating this ahead of our upstream given the community requests for it over the past few weeks.

## Installing the patched versions of open-vm-tools on AlmaLinux
It only takes a few steps to install and test the patched version of open-vm-tools in the testing repo. 

**Install the testing repo** _(Skip this step on AlmaLinux Kitten)_

```bash
sudo dnf install -y almalinux-release-testing && sudo dnf-config-manager --enable almalinux-testing
``` 

**Then update openssh:**

```bash
sudo dnf update open-vm-tools
``` 

> **Confirm you have the patched version of OpenSSH** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Confirm you have the patched version of open-vm-tools** 
```

```bash
rpm -qa open-vm-tools
``` 

You should see a version matching or higher than the ones below, depending on when you do the installation of the patches. 

- AlmaLinux 8 - ```open-vm-tools-12.3.5-2.el8.alma.1``` 
- AlmaLinux 9 - ```open-vm-tools-12.5.0-1.el9.alma.1``` 

> - AlmaLinux 10 - ```open-vm-tools-12.5.0-1.el10_0.alma.1```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- AlmaLinux 10 - ```open-vm-tools-12.5.0-1.el10.alma.1```
```
